Documentation for `nextResults` and bulk delete (#2603)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/core-concepts/users.adoc

To learn more about the Elasticsearch search engine in general, view the link:/docs/v1/tech/guides/user-search-with-elasticsearch[Elasticsearch search guide].

[NOTE.since]
====

> Prior to version 1.48.0 if you attempted to page past 10000 results in the Admin UI you would encounter an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to version 1.48.0 if you attempted to page past 10,000 results in the Admin UI you would encounter an error.
```

> Starting in version 1.48.0 you are able to page past the 10000 results limit one page at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version 1.48.0 you are able to page past the 10,000 results limit one page at a time.
```

====

> When there are more than 10000 results when using the Elasticsearch engine you have the option to navigate past the limit, however you may only do so one page at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are more than 10,000 results when using the Elasticsearch engine you have the option to navigate past the limit, however you may only do so one page at a time.
```

> image::core-concepts/user-search-extended-a.png[User Search with over 10000 results,width=1200,role=bottom-cropped]

Reviewer: Should these have different alt text?

> image::core-concepts/user-search-extended-a.png[User Search with over 10000 results first page,width=1200,role=bottom-cropped]

Reviewer: I'm not sure how a screen reader would interpret the thousands separator in a number. A quick search didn't give me a good answer. Maybe it's okay to leave them out of the alt text.
```suggestion
image::core-concepts/user-search-extended-a.png[User Search with over 10,000 results first page,width=1200,role=bottom-cropped]
```

Author: asciidoc doesn't like them

> Clicking on the [uielement]#Last# pagination button will take you to the page with the 10000th result. You will then have the option to click on the [uielement]#Next# button to continue paging forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the [uielement]#Last# pagination button will take you to the page with the 10,000th result. You will then have the option to click on the [uielement]#Next# button to continue paging forward.
```
